I'm here at the 2011 hot wheels
convention and I'm in the racing room
where we have Sizzlers racing and
downhill racing you know one of the
champs of downhill racing is the noodle
head noodle head School Bus and there's
a couple other red lines that really
stand out as far as redline racing goes
so let's take a look at a couple of my
noodle heads there's a school bus that I
mentioned and here's a couple noodle
hits out of my noodle hits the
antifreeze or yellow ones are the
fastest this is my daughters I can tell
I'm gonna go ahead and do some test
racing today with mine I can tell mine
because it's got a little skip on the
rivet right there look what am i testing
today I already know this cars fast this
year 2011
now--how wheels collectors dot-com
website re-released the noodle head they
had to call it the new list I assume
because they didn't have a licensing
rights to the name noodle head anymore
I think it's I'm not sure orange or red
let's open it up take a closer look nice
and shiny look they polish the car they
chrome it and then they paint it so it's
kind of a reddish orange I'm not sure
the lights kind of yellowish in your
hard to tell go ahead and compare the
two cars nice and shiny look at that
chrome on Hot Wheels collectors dot-com
version
got a little opening hood just like the
original some noodle heads actually
opened up right here too I don't know if
this one does I can check that out later
on well what I really want to do I want
to get some track time and let's see if
the new HWC noodle list can beat the
vintage redline noodle hit
so here we are at the 2011 hot wheels
convention and here is Mattel's about 40
foot long track eight lanes awesome twin
mill panel on the side and up top we
have rust from the Windy City
Hot Wheels Club that Club they help run
the races at the convention both the
downhill races and the scissors racing
so I thought this would be the perfect
time for me to see how well the redline
Club duelist does against the vintage
redline
Oh redline
yeah looks like they just can't make
them like these so even though the Hot
Wheels collectors conversion could not
beat my vintage redline Noodlehead it's
still nice and shiny and if you had
display cases where you like to put your
Hot Wheels diecast this one surely
shines have fun and happy collecting bye
bye